Allow configuration of nvidia openshell extension (#1394)
kyma-project/kyma-infrastructure-manager: docs/operator/features/nvidia-openshell-extension.md

Reviewer: 1. Please consider reorganizing this doc. I'd say it's very uncommon to add the Prerequisites section at the end of the doc. I suggest you put the sections in the following order:
- Overview (optional as a heading)
- Prerequisites
- Default Setting (I'm not sure this is the behavior that you describe here)
- Enabling the Extension (including the Example section, which doesn't need to be separated)
- Implementation Details

2. Also, the first sentence is redundant, as most of the information is repeated in the Overview section.

# Enable NVIDIA OpenShell Extension

## Overview

> The `shoot-nvidia-openshell` extension is a Gardener extension that provides NVIDIA GPU support with OpenShell capabilities for Kubernetes clusters. When enabled, it configures the necessary components to run GPU workloads on your Shoot cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `shoot-nvidia-openshell` extension is a Gardener extension that provides NVIDIA GPU support with OpenShell capabilities for Kubernetes clusters.
By default, the NVIDIA OpenShell extension is disabled. When enabled, it configures the necessary components to run GPU workloads on your Shoot cluster.
```

## Prerequisites

1. Your Gardener landscape has the `shoot-nvidia-openshell` extension registered and available
2. Your worker nodes support NVIDIA GPUs (appropriate machine types selected)
3. The necessary NVIDIA GPU drivers are available in your chosen machine image

## Default Behavior

By default, the NVIDIA OpenShell extension is disabled. To activate it, you must explicitly set it to `true` in the Runtime Shoot specification.

To disable the extension after it has been enabled, use one of the following options:
- Set `enableNvidiaOpenshell: false` in the Shoot specification

> - Remove the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field entirely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Enabling the Extension

> To enable the NVIDIA OpenShell extension, add the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field to your Runtime Shoot specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the NVIDIA OpenShell extension, add the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field to your Runtime Shoot specification and set it to `true`.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructuremanager.kyma-project.io/v1
kind: Runtime
metadata:
  name: my-runtime
  namespace: kcp-system
spec:
  shoot:
    name: my-shoot
    # ... other shoot fields ...
    enableNvidiaOpenshell: true
  # ... other spec fields ...
```

You can find an example showing the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field in the main Runtime sample at [`config/samples/infrastructuremanager_v1_runtime.yaml`](../../samples/infrastructuremanager_v1_runtime.yaml). By default, the field is commented out. To enable the extension, uncomment the field and set it to `true`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the extension, use one of the following options:
- Set `enableNvidiaOpenshell: false` in the Shoot specification
- Remove the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field entirely

```

> # NVIDIA OpenShell Extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enable NVIDIA OpenShell Extension
```

> This document describes how to enable the `shoot-nvidia-openshell` Gardener extension in Infrastructure Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to enable the `shoot-nvidia-openshell` Gardener extension in Kyma Infrastructure Manager (KIM).
```

## Overview

> The `shoot-nvidia-openshell` extension is a Gardener extension that provides NVIDIA GPU support with OpenShell capabilities for Kubernetes clusters. When enabled, it configures the necessary components to run GPU workloads on your shoot cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `shoot-nvidia-openshell` extension is a Gardener extension that provides NVIDIA GPU support with OpenShell capabilities for Kubernetes clusters. When enabled, it configures the necessary components to run GPU workloads on your Shoot cluster.
```

## Enabling the Extension

> To enable the NVIDIA OpenShell extension, add the `enableNvidiaOpenshell` field to your Runtime shoot specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the NVIDIA OpenShell extension, add the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field to your Runtime Shoot specification.
```

Reviewer: It may be obvious when you look at the example, but please consider this version:
add the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field set to `true` to your Runtime Shoot specification

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructuremanager.kyma-project.io/v1
kind: Runtime
metadata:
  name: my-runtime
  namespace: kcp-system
spec:
  shoot:
    name: my-shoot
    # ... other shoot fields ...
    enableNvidiaOpenshell: true
  # ... other spec fields ...
```

## Example

An example showing the `enableNvidiaOpenshell` field can be found in the main Runtime sample:

> `config/samples/infrastructuremanager_v1_runtime.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find an example showing the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field in the main Runtime sample at `config/samples/infrastructuremanager_v1_runtime.yaml`.
```

Reviewer: You could also link to the file.

> The field is commented out by default and can be uncommented and set to `true` to enable the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the field is commented out. To enable the extension, uncomment the field and set it to `true`.
```

Reviewer: This sentence fits better in the Default Behavior/Setting section.

## Implementation Details

The extension is implemented in the following files:
- `api/v1/runtime_types.go` - API types for the extension configuration
- `pkg/gardener/shoot/extender/extensions/nvidia_openshell.go` - Extension implementation
- `pkg/gardener/shoot/extender/extensions/extender.go` - Integration with the extension extender framework

When enabled, the extension is added to the Gardener Shoot specification with:
- **Type**: `shoot-nvidia-openshell`

> - **Disabled**: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Type: shoot-nvidia-openshell`
- `Disabled: false`
```

Reviewer: Please use [code font](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting.md#items-written-in-code-font) for parameter and value pairs, and bold font for parameter names without values.

## Default Behavior

> By default, the NVIDIA OpenShell extension is **not enabled**. It must be explicitly set to `true` in the Runtime shoot specification to be activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the NVIDIA OpenShell extension is disabled. To activate it, you must explicitly set it to `true` in the Runtime Shoot specification.
```

> To disable the extension after it has been enabled, either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the extension after it has been enabled, use one of the following options:
```

> 1. Set `enableNvidiaOpenshell: false` in the shoot specification, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `enableNvidiaOpenshell: false` in the Shoot specification
```

> 2. Remove the `enableNvidiaOpenshell` field entirely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the **enableNvidiaOpenshell** field entirely
```

Reviewer: Let's use an unordered list here, since these are options rather than mandatory steps.

## Prerequisites

> Before enabling this extension, ensure that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The heading is self-explanatory, so we don't need this half-sentence here.
